go ahead and get started for questions
or the code with questions for coach
we've got microphones on each side at
you can flag went down rain what what
led to your getting tossed what did you
say I'm over the world is your main beef
I guess would officiate I can't address
that as much as I would like to did you
watch the rest again from I did what you
think after you left
you know I think what I feel bad about
is getting a second you know I think the
first one I think it's safe to say today
I kind of way after that circle one did
you inadvertently make contact there it
was hard to tell him no in your
estimation there wasn't contact medica
yeah I think I understand what you're
upset about on that play cold but do you
think the two technicals and get across
clusters in the game tonight no oh why
don't you think that I think when well
again I mean you get into an area where
I'm not allowed to go like I mean I
would love to go there with you didn't
kind of explain to you my perspective
but it's just it's not allowed what did
you know that's what you guys want to
talk about four friends before you left
you in the huddle and ten s'mores with
your team and judging by the response or
pretty fired up what did you tell them
at that point well you know I think at
that point rig we were not the same you
know as we were the first and you know I
think I need that safe to stay to start
the second half and you could talk about
a number of reasons why that was the
case okay
and lament it was shifting clearly for a
variety of reasons some of it some of
which is under our control some of its
not so you know I thought you know if I
want to get a tea typically you know
there's still 12 15 minutes develop time
for us to figure out play smarter it
would ever play you know I think we did
that Frank are you concerned you're
going to do this up on no I got to tease
why would I be disciplined trying to
relate a job living back here to did
earlier John living bus looks in the
first half well you know with a guy like
him it doesn't take much to get him
going you know he got that first look
early we left them I don't something
happened to death Mike came over and I
might went back to his man and he got a
clean look and that he was many was on
from there so that's unfortunate that
was a mistake Trent Devon was the only
wanted to make three sweetie made for
him but is that a concern to you that
none of the other players made anything
well you know we didn't take a ton but I
do take it was a little bit yeah seems
like some of your guys were passing up
sleeves
you know I that's a tough one because
you know against them you can get you
want to shoot 3s yew trees you know and
I think what you want to do is mix it up
where you're shooting some threes when
you're shooting your drive at some hoes
feeding song you know you don't want to
just talk chapter and then you can do
that do a little of that at the start of
the second half i thought you know then
i think you you're going to be in
trouble with insisting brain you said
after the ejection look like what
happened said something to your team
before you left what'd you tell him you
know I encourage them to play tougher
you know play smarter and to compete at
a different level than I felt we had
open to that point in the second half
friend he said that you don't believe
the technicals cost your team the game
what do you believe concertina in that
infrastructure why we lost I think we
lost the game of the start of the second
you know we got rust going we don't pick
a bump we put a shot at all you can't go
on the road against the rank Tina quick
shoot when the momentum is shifting and
that's a hard one because it's not like
you would say any of those shots that we
took more horrible shots good players
were taking pretty good shots but we
didn't we didn't do anything like we had
done in the first it was work the ball
side to side try to get a little better
one and we kind of got on that level
concealing I don't you didn't have a
basket for a long time starting the
second half and kept trying to get 15
seconds of the shot clock and that's
just not how you want to play against
a team is disciplined and has as many
weapons as Wisconsin ads so that was you
know what we were trying to to guard
against